The Joe Rogan experience.
This whole COVID and then the George Floyd protest,
and then the riots and alluding and everything that really highlights how
fragile our civilization is. Really, really shows everybody. Yeah.
Yeah.
And how easily we are controlled through the media. Yep.
Easily we're controlled. I try not to watch it anymore. Cause like,
it's you just getting brainwashed and once you realize you're just being
brainwashed,
like they just control how you feel about everything they control you.
You hate this guy changed the channel. Now that guy's a good guy,
this guy has this guy. It's just all misinformation.
The who and Fowchee one day they don't do mass.
You don't need mass the next day or you need mask. Como needs 50,000.
Uh respire venerate Vitor later.
Isn't it puts them all in the nursing homes and all the nurse people die.
But let's not talk about that. Yeah.
That's the Cuomo nursing home things, a giant candle, man.
He let those people go back to the nursing homes.
They infected and killed thousands of people because of that.
And so it was numbers go straight up, you know? And then like,
why are we incentivizing for even going into the co mean,
why are we incentivizing hospitals to say that there were COVID deaths?
What is the purpose of that? It makes no sense. I think.
The idea was because this was a new disease and they
required more fond of like financially,
it's more difficult to treat those people that they allocated more money towards
people that had COVID. But when you do that,
you do incentivize people to mark deaths.
As COVID. Yeah. There's people that get shot. And they were like, well,
he had COVID when he died, but D did they test over code a lot?
It doesn't matter. Just write it on there. And then the numbers come out.
Apparently.
They've also been a bunch of people that died and weren't, COVID tested to,
they do believe died because of complications for COVID too.
So the idea is that it could even possibly balance it out. They don't know,
but there are a lot of people that have like,
here's a deceptive one that I've read. It was really up.
They were talking about this kid who was a,
I think he was 17 who died from COVID. And they said, uh, he, he was, uh,
they were said he was healthy, no under no other health issues, they said,
but then you read the article deeper. It turns out he had diabetes,
he had type one diabetes and he was 400 pounds. And it's like,
wait a minute. The that's not no issues. These articles are full of.
And they write those articles just so that you click on them because they get
the ad revenue from clicks. That's.
So they're incentivized to trick you into being scared. Like, oh my God,
a 17 year old died, what happened? My 17 year old can die. Holy.
And then you click on it. And if you don't read, you know, six,
seven paragraphs into the article,
you don't find out that this was a 400 pound diabetic kid that,
you know, that's.
What have died from the flu three months earlier.
And it would have been the same. Yeah. Yeah. You know,
so the numbers are fudged. So I don't, I don't want to believe your numbers.
Don't come to me with more scare tactics about like the numbers are spiking.
Well, you already said that 50% of the positives or false positives. Well,
at least finely, they're saying.
When they're sitting, the numbers are spiking. I haven't heard that 50% or.
I got a video. There was a, the chick that is with Fowchee.
That other one, she was saying 50%. Yeah.
I don't know how old the video was with it. Our testing is we're coming up.
And if you have 1% of whatever and we test it,
then 55th year at about half of the positives or false positive Jesus,
and then don't wear a mask and you have to wear masks. And they said,
the whole reason we have to flatten the curve is because it can live on anything
for up to like nine days.
And even an asymptomatic person can still transmit it.
Then it comes out. They say the exact opposite.
Yeah. Now they're saying asymptomatic people, very, very rarely travel.
I don't choose to believe that, Joe. Aye. Aye. Aye. Aye. Aye.
We're going to believe what they told me the first time. Not the new,
not the new facts that they have now.
So we're still going to wear masks all the time. Yeah.
People get mad at you. If you suggest differently.
There's a lot of people that like being scared too.
You love it. Your God mask loving to protect people. Love it.
But there's no police. Who's going to protect you in you.
Who's going to protect your family. Me.
[Inaudible] there was no BS people weren't freaking out.
When you seen these mass protests and the spikes.
Guess what happened right after the protest.
And at least they're saying that now,
at least they're saying they're being forced into saying is probably
connected to the protests. Well, of course.
Or it's just one more way to get people to skate.
Let's scare them to stop revolting. Let's get them. Let's get them chill out.
You got know. Now the numbers are spiking guys.
That calculated that. That's what they're doing. I think there's a lot.
Of calculated going on. There's too many weird things going on.
I'm like who's calculating. I think that it's Dr. Evil.
I think it is that they're there in like their thing.
And next we're going to launch the sharks with laser beams on their head.
Or Hornets. They came and went real quick. I was really worried about it.
No aliens.
Bro. I'm putting out there and will come. Wetlands are coming before, before.
And Dave's like, listen, man, I got to do something. I got to figure this out.
It's all been approved by the governor. Everybody's you know,
distanced six feet apart.
They all maintain social distancing during the show they wear masks during the
show.
How long are we gonna, how long are we gonna keep doing this?
Texas governor urges people to stay home as states report surges of new
COVID-19 cases. Yeah. You want to see the photo of the Austin protest.
You've seen it. It's crazy. You know, Austin,
which is the most progressive city in Texas had this insane protest,
which listen, I think is great. I do.
I think it's great that people want to show solidarity that people want to, uh,
to get out there and, and let everybody know that they're,
they're not down with police brutality and that they're, they're,
they're down with racial equality and that you got all these thousands of
thousands of people together to have the same positive message. I love it.
However that COVID,
doesn't give a about racial equality or social justice.
If you're, if you're not healthy, it's going to get ya.
I don't know the case is spike,
but the other thing about Texas is a giant percentage of it.
I think somewhere in the neighborhood of 50% is actually in prisons.
So when they're talking about statewide, uh, issues, did you,
do you have an image? Cause I can get an image. I got a good one for you. Oh,
that's good. Yeah. That'll cause problem,
all those people. But one thing they have found out if you guys,
if you guys are going to protest protest during the day,
and this is why there's been a new study that came out that said that COVID 19
dies almost instantly in contact with sunlight.
Did Trump say that like two months ago and everyone said he was crazy? No,
he was saying like [inaudible] said, when the summer comes, the heat,
the heat killed it.
It's not, but it's not the heat it's actually light. So, um,
the nighttime is just as dangerous in the summer. It is,
as it is during the day, it's not heat. It's not a temperature issue.
I'm sure some temperature kills.
It. The thing is not real, bro. This is not real real.
It's not real. It is the flu. Yeah, let's do it, dude.
It's not real. You don't think it's real. I think that the flu is real.
I think that people get sick from the flu every year and die.
I think that it's a, it's a bad thing.
I don't think that all of this nonsense is going on and they keep,
keep perpetuating it and keep perpetuating, keep perpetuating. It it's come on.
Well, I just not buying it anymore. I just, you guys, you changed your,
your views. It changed your opinions. It's like,
it's like if you were the writer of a TV show, say friends,
your job would be to write a 30 minute episode that was funny and
intriguing and dramatic and scary or whatever the. And like the,
the media just writes an episode.
And then the next day they're like write a new episode and write a new episode
and like change their. I understand why he's such. I understand.
What you're saying. I'm going to give you a different perspective. Okay.
This is the different perspective.
The different perspective is legit biologists have analyzed the actual virus
itself and they find all sorts of problems with this virus.
I had Bret Weinstein on the podcast the other day, he's a professor,
a legit biologist.
And he was discussing all of the indicators in the virus
that seemed to point to the fact that this has probably been leaked from a lab.
And he explained it in terms of the way viruses evolve.
I'm going to do a terrible job of paraphrasing it because I'm more on it.
And he's brilliant. But when he says in the long run,
what he's basically saying is this is a very legit virus.
It's very complicated because of the fact that it's been with,
because this is not a virus like, you know,
like a regular cold or like else that we've encountered before.
This is something that's really complicated and may have evolved because it came
from a lab, his perspective, as it may have evolved to transmit better indoors.
Um, and it's very vulnerable to UV light,
which also might be a part of, you know,
it being from a lab and not something that existed in the wild that actually
just jumped from a bat to a pangolin, to a person or what have you.
So legit scientists and biologists who are not a part of the narrative.
They're not working for any government agency.
They're not a part of the news media. That's trying to transmit propaganda.
They are concerned with it.
And they're concerned with it for very specific scientific reasons.
Now me as a person who doesn't know what the,
any of that stuff I just said means really? I just repeat it.
It sounds like I'm smart, but they, the,
the smart people actually are worried about it for very specific reasons that it
could explain to you. Now it's not vulnerable for a lot of people.
They're not going to be vulnerable like pro athletes.
We were talking about those NBA players. Get it, listen.
Those are top of the food chain, stud athletes. They shake it off.
They're not experiencing any symptoms, you know, over and over and over again.
There's a lot of people that get Intercell bruh shook it off.
There's a lot of people that get it, shake it off. They barely get it.
They barely even know they have it, but they're really robust,
healthy people. The concern is people that aren't old people,
people that are vulnerable when they get it, man, they get it bad. And uh,
I was reading an article today about a woman who has been sick with COVID for a
hundred days now.
And she still has days where she has like these horrible flu like symptoms.
And she gets real easy,
but I think she has multiple sclerosis and she's got some other underlying
health conditions.
So those people have to really be worried about this because it's not
predictable and they don't know how to treat it. Totally.
Especially in the beginning, it turned out when they put people on ventilators,
my buddy, Michael yoga, got it.
And he got it early on and his doctor told him if I put you on a ventilator,
you're probably going to die because your body's going to stop breathing for
itself. It's going to let, let the ventilator. I do all the work.
The ventilator like, uh,
90% of people put on ventilators for 80,
80% for anything ever die. Is that true?
I don't know. That's what I said, 80 to 80%. So when the question is like,
Como is like, we need 40,000 ventilators. Cause w who are you saving?
When 80% of those people are going to die?
Thing is though, like, I think the ventilator, one way you could look at it.
The ventilator is such a last ditch effort. That by the time you get to that,
what does that, what do.
You want to do? I squad wise. It's cool. Delicious but heavy for you.
My friend. Oh good man. He brings his own beer. I come with.
All kinds of gifts. Um, oh, I brought you something nice stuff too.
Oh, nice dancing about the Dan Bilzerian.
Tommy's he's writing a book. He, I think he did write his book. Now.
There we go. This is dog stuff, right? Yeah. That one's for a Marshall. Oh, my.
Dog's been using it too. It's a really good stuff. Okay, cool. You know, Dan,
everything's the best.
Yeah, no, I'm sure he's a,
it's funny how he's jumped balls deep into weed and CBD. Right?
Look at that dog CBD. It even says it on there.
I up with CBD MD and I took some of their dogs. CBD was delicious.
Peanut butter flavor. I think it's fine. I feel sure.
Why not just CBD, but they make it flavors for dogs.
WhatsApp is more
generous fellow. Alright. Okay. Cool. CBD and t-shirts and.
What is the bowl for? What is the, all that? What is the.
I think it's a goat head Titanic.
I asked him once about it and I can't remember what the answer was,
but I think it's always been like his thing. That's it.
That's like a Satan. Right? What is the one? The devil that has the goat head?
Is it Beelzebub? Sounds good. That sounds like that'd be correct.
All right. Thank you, Dan. Thank you, Satan. No, what is it?
Which one? You gotta be careful. You know,
you get people so high that they get super paranoid and they look down at that
goat. Baphomet oh, Baphomet that's right. I've seen him on things before.
That's like something Duncan would know about.
That's what I was trying to think of Dunkin to think of words.
Come on, man. Hey Dan, why is that guy on the cover your box?
Why is that goat dude with, with Eagle wings, dude ma'am.
Oh, that guy is creepy as with this pentagram on his head. Ooh,
interesting.
Houston ICU capacity could soon be exceeded as COVID-19
hospitalizations worse.
Than, and then all the videos come out and it's like people in, uh,
go into the hospitals and there's no lines that they're trying to make it out to
be. You know, there's a lot of,
there's a lot of fuckery going on with this misinformation and that's,
there's a little bit of that of time. Just the newest of the new,
but there's also.
Real going on. Okay. Dr. Peter Hotez,
he's been on the podcast before national school of tropical medicine diseases,
tropical medicine at Baylor college of medicine. He's a brilliant guy.
Yeah. It says the city of Houston, which is known for its, uh,
medical schools has a large concentration of beds and research,
hospitals and whatnot.
And they're very close to running out of all of their ICU beds.
He said he called on the state to reimpose more aggressive,
social distancing restrictions. So he's not a, um, he's not a foolish person.
If he's saying this he's a legit scientist and a doctor and he knows a
tremendous amount about diseases. I met him many, many years ago.
[Inaudible].